gh-101100: Fix sphinx reference warnings around I/O (#139592)
python/cpython: Doc/library/os.rst

      This function is intended for low-level I/O.  For normal usage, use the
      built-in function :func:`open`, which returns a :term:`file object` with
      :meth:`~io.BufferedIOBase.read` and :meth:`~io.BufferedIOBase.write` methods (and many

>       more).  To wrap a file descriptor in a file object, use :func:`fdopen`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :meth:`~io.BufferedIOBase.read` and :meth:`~io.BufferedIOBase.write` methods.
      To wrap a file descriptor in a file object, use :func:`fdopen`.
```

I know this phrase was in the original prose. I'm not sure what the phrase is trying to convey. It may be better to remove. Thoughts?

Author: I like the more concise. I've been wondering for these all: Most say "Returns a file-like object" then highlight specific methods on that (typically read, write; sometimes readline). I keep wondering if for the expert "file-like object" is enough and for a more beginner, they click the reference and that takes them to bits about file objects which already talks about them having `read` + `write` (https://docs.python.org/3/glossary.html#term-file-object). Possibly reduce the redundancy a little
